Hey guys, it's me again, Zack,
and today we have
another show from the
junior high days.
Screech and Lisa
still look weird.
Anyways,
nobody loves a practical joke
more than I do.
Especially when
someone else is the victim.
Miss Bliss thought she was
pretty cool 'cause nobody
could ever prank her.
Unfortunately, it got
out of hand when we tried
and Screech had
to be put on trial.
Now wait 'til
you see Belding get
it in this one.
Oh, Zack.
( bell rings )
* When I wake up in the
morning and the alarm
gives out a warning
* I don't think
I'll ever make it on time
* By the time I grab my books
and I give myself a look
* I'm at the corner
just in time to
see the bus fly by
* It's all right
'Cause I'm saved by the bell
* If the teacher pops a test
I know I'm in a mess
* And my dog ate
all my homework last night
* Ridin' low in my chair
She won't know that I'm there
* If I can hand it in tomorrow
it'll be all right
* It's all right
'Cause I'm saved by the bell
'Cause I'm saved by the...
* It's all right
'Cause I'm saved by the bell *
Carrie:
It's Hoosier Harvest Week,
a time for hay-rides,
bonfires,
and practical jokes,
and everyone's fair game.
In my eleven years at JFK
no one's ever
successfully pulled
a prank on me.
Maybe this year
they'll stop trying.
You're taking quite a chance.
Hey, it's worth it to be in
the history books as the
first ones to get Miss Bliss.
If this doesn't work,
I got a great way to get her.
Save it for next year,
Screech. Watch the pros.
You guys better hurry,
Bliss just left
Belding's office.
( whispering )
What's going on?
We're getting Miss Bliss.
-Think she'll fall for it?
-Absolutely...
( loudly ) Not!
Zack: Uh, Miss Bliss.
Nice try, Zack.
You and Lisa can take
it down after class.
Everyone take their seats.
Yes...
As I'm sure
you'll all remember,
today's subject is our
governmental judicial system.
Zack, can you shed some
light on this, please?
Well, I planned on
reading the chapter
but I had to decide
who to take to the
hay ride on Friday,
and interviews ran
a little longer than expected.
What'd you promise them?
No kiss goodnight?
Okay. Okay, settle.
Now, in the United States,
you're presumed innocent,
until proven guilty.
Uh, Miss Bliss,
would you mind
telling my parents that?
Who can tell me what the
Fifth Amendment is?
Thou shalt not kill?
That's the fifth commandment,
Samuel.
Oh.
Didn't anyone do
their homework?
Were you all too
busy planning pranks?
Uh, Miss Bliss, I had trouble
understanding the homework.
Yeah, is there
a chart that explains this
judicial stuff?
As a matter of fact, there is.
Why don't you guys
just point an arrow?
Make sure they
spell my name right in
the history books.
( students mumbling
among themselves )
Students: Aw man!
How does she always know?
Now look.
These practical
jokes have got to stop!
For a start,
they're never gonna work.
Only a fool would
fall for one of these.
Miss Bliss...
( all laughing )
Let me rephrase that.
The fireworks
are about to begin.
When Miss Bliss wasn't
looking, I put chili
pepper in her coleslaw!
We'll see who gets her first!
I spiked Miss
Bliss' tomato juice,
with tabasco sauce!
With any luck,
when she sneezes she'll
set off the sprinkler system.
Why are
the kids looking at me?
They must be up to something.
Mr. Belding,
would you just relax?
You're being paranoid.
I'm not paranoid.
I'm just sure
they did something.
They always do.
That's why I brought
my lunch from home.
-I think you're overreacting.
-Oh, am I?
Last year they
stole my hamburger and
glued my buns together!
I know why they're looking.
They got to my lunch.
Mr. Belding, you're right.
You're not paranoid.
You're way past that.
I can't eat anything.
You go ahead,
eat, don't mind me.
Mmm. That coleslaw
looks good, Miss Bliss.
-Would you like some,
Mr. Belding?
-Well, maybe just a bite.
I'm really looking
forward to this weekend.
Mrs. Belding
and I are going to...
Oh. Oh!
-Ohio?
-( gasping )
Hawaii?
Oh!
Oh, that's better.
You know for
a minute there I...
( groaning )
Omaha?
Kids, that wasn't very nice.
But it was very funny!
( laughing )
Good morning, everyone,
I have
an announcement to make.
Now,
I realize it's harvest week.
But we have got to get
through this material
on our judicial system.
So while you're in my class
I want these
practical jokes to stop.
-Is that understood?
-( students ) Yes, Miss Bliss.
Good.
We will open our
books at chapter...
Oh, my...
( students laughing )
Miss Bliss!
We finally got you!
( students laughing )
This is not funny!
Who put paint on my chair?
Okay, let me put it this way.
Alright.
Now look,
I am going to go
change my sweater.
If the guilty party
hasn't come forward by
the time I come back,
the whole class
will be punished.
Hey, it wasn't me.
We were all together.
That's right. We were!
Everyone except me!
Uh-oh.
Screech! You're a hero!
-You're the only
person to get Miss Bliss!
-Yeah!
-You'll go down in history!
-That's right!
I will!
Alright.
Who's the guilty party?
Me. I did it.
I'm famous.
Samuel? You?
I'm gonna go down in history,
Miss Bliss.
You're going down to
the principal's office,
Mr. Powers,
and pay for my sweater!
Wait a minute!
I said I did it,
but I didn't mean I did!
I'm innocent!
Samuel, get up!
First you say you did it,
then you say you're innocent.
Which is it?
Can I plead insanity?
Sure, take the easy way out.
There's only one
way to settle this.
-We'll have a trial.
-A trial?
Yes, a trial!
Tomorrow,
this class room will become a
court of law.
You'll find the guidelines of
a trial in chapters number six
and seven of your textbooks.
Samuel, your peers
will decide your fate.
Is it possible to
get a new set of peers?
All rise.
Court is now in session.
The honorable
Miss Bliss presiding.
Thank you, bailiff.
You may be seated.
I would like to begin
by putting the defendant
at ease.
Samuel, if you're innocent,
as you say you are,
trust in the system, it works.
Thank you, Miss Bliss.
I'll remember that when
I'm in jail, stamping out
your license plate.
Miss Prosecutor,
you may begin.
I'd like to call
a surprise witness.
-Lisa Turtle.
-Me?
I didn't know you were gonna
call me!
That's why they call it
a surprise.
Carrie: Now bailiff,
will you swear in
the witness, please.
Do you swear to
tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but
the truth?
I do.
Do guys with curly
hair turn you on?
No.
Bailiff!
Stop hitting on the witness.
Now, Miss Turtle,
were you in
the cafeteria when the
defendant announced
-he was planning
a prank on Miss Bliss?
-Yes.
He said that he was
going to get Miss Bliss
and that he was
looking for volunteers
to help him.
And yesterday,
just before the crime,
did you see
anything suspicious?
Yes.
Well, will you
tell us what you saw?
I saw
a suspicious person stash a
can in the locker.
Your Honor, it was awful!
Tell us,
is that
suspicious person you saw
-in the courtroom today?
-Yes!
It was that man!
He's the one I saw!
I'd never forget his face.
No further
questions, Your Honor.
Defense attorney,
you may cross-examine
the witness.
Lisa, I notice
you're wearing a band-aid
on your finger.
-Tell us what happened?
-I broke a nail.
Oh, my.
No doubt a very
traumatic experience.
The most!
I was embarrassed to wave
to anyone I knew!
Aha! You mean you
were under so much
stress you couldn't think?
Were you angry?
Upset? Confused?
Yes... No!
I don't know!
Oh, great.
I broke another nail!
This is awful.
Your Honor,
can the bailiff restrain her
for her own protection?
Bailiff! Keep your distance!
( Tina whistling )
What's going on here?
I'm trying to cheer up
Mr. Belding.
Happy Harvest
Week always makes him
so depressed.
And what's that?
( Tina squeals )
( stammering )
Helium tank.
See, see, that's a "uh-uh."
See, our union contract,
rule number
88.61.E clearly states,
devices like these
must be operated by
a trained technician.
-Someone like myself.
-Mylo!
All you have to do is
push this little valve.
The contract also states
that you need
one and a half men
for this job.
Don't do a thing!
I'll be right back
with Shorty Beanie.
Mylo, it's just one valve!
-( Tina sighing )
-Has Miss Bliss
picked up her mail yet?
Not yet, Mr. Belding!
Good! I still have
time to nail her.
I figure, if you
can't beat 'em, join 'em.
( angrily ) Oh nuts!
Could you please
tie this for me?
I just have to run to
my classroom and get
a little more ribbon.
Thank you!
Morning, Mr. Belding!
( high-pitched voice )
Good morning, Miss Bliss!
Let me guess,
Alvin and the Chipmunks?
( phone ringing )
Oh, uh, would you
get the phone for me,
Miss Bliss?
Ah! You'll have to
be craftier than that
to get me!
I don't want to get
an earful of shoe polish
like you got last year!
Oh,
by the way, this is for you.
A subpoena to
appear in your class?
( laughing ) This
is a joke, right?
No! It's totally legitimate!
Honest!
See you in court!
( phone continues ringing )
Hello?
No!
Raise your right hand,
Mr. Belding.
-That's your left.
-I know that,
just get on with it.
I would like to remind
the witness that this
is a court of law
and you will follow the proper
legal procedure.
Okay, okay.
( students laughing )
Would you like to
call another witness,
Mr. Belding?
Do you swear to tell the truth
the whole truth and
nothing but the truth?
Of course I do!
I'm a principal!
Councilor.
Now, Mr. Belding,
how well do you
know the defendant?
-Not very well.
-Would you say
that's because he's never
been sent to your office for
disciplinary action?
-That's correct.
-You'd usually
remember the troublemakers?
Exactly, like you, Zack.
Your Honor!
Will the witness
please stick to the facts?
Why not? I'm
sticking to everything else.
He's all yours.
Mr. Belding,
this is Lisa Turtle.
Would you classify
her as a troublemaker?
Of course not.
Lisa is a wonderful girl.
Then would it
surprise that this
wonderful girl
helped rig the water
prank that drenched you?
Nikki!
Lisa?
I wanna see you after class.
Thank you, Mr. Belding,
for disproving
the Zack Morris theory.
-But I...
-Thank you, you may sit down.
Nikki, do you have
any other witnesses?
No, but I'd like to
introduce some evidence
to the court.
These are some items I found
in Screech's locker.
A surgical mask?
( students laughing )
This is what I had to
wear to go in there.
I'd like to
introduce exhibit A.
Paintbrush.
-That's from my art class.
-I object!
Your Honor,
nobody gave her permission
to go into Screech's locker.
Under our Fourth Amendment,
we're protected against
illegal search and seizure.
Very good, Zack!
All that evidence
is inadmissible.
Jury will disregard
what they just heard.
( bell ringing )
Court is
adjourned until tomorrow.
Zack, what do you
think are my chances?
( scoffs )
( gabble banging )
This court is in session!
Screech,
I told you to look good!
I don't?
Mr. Morris?
You present your witnesses.
I only have one witness.
The defendant.
Please call Samuel Powers,
AKA the Screechster,
AKA the Brush,
AKA Guilty as Charged.
And I would ask Your Honor to
instruct the jury to
disregard his clothing.
So noted.
Do you swear to tell
the truth, the whole truth
and nothing but the truth?
Okay, but you've just weakened
my entire defense.
Mr. Morris, you may proceed.
Thank you, Your Honor,
and may I say
that's a lovely hairdo.
Oh, thank you.
But may I remind you
that it's the jury,
not the judge,
that decides
the guilt or innocence
of your client.
So many lovely hairdos
here today.
Will the Council
please keep the kissing up
to a minimum?
Oh, of course,
Your Beautiful Honor.
-Samuel Powers, did you do it?
-No.
No further questions.
The defense rests.
( sarcastically )
Thank you, Perry Mason.
Miss Coleman,
you may cross examine.
Mr. Powers,
now isn't it true,
in front of witnesses,
you said, and I quote,
"I'm going to get Miss Bliss."
Well, it's true but...
That's why you went to
your locker that day,
isn't it?
To get something to
pull off your vicious
practical joke.
I'd rather not say.
But thanks for asking.
Please answer the question.
Objection.
Your Honor,
I cite chapter seven of our
textbook, the Fifth Amendment.
The defendant
has a right not to
incriminate himself.
Sustained.
No more questions.
You may step down.
You may now proceed with your
closing arguments.
Miss Coleman, please.
Ladies and
gentlemen of the jury.
I have three simple questions.
Did Screech want
to get Miss Bliss?
Yes.
Did Screech have
the opportunity to do it?
Yes.
Was Screech
clever enough to do it?
Make that two
simple questions.
Thank you. Mr. Morris.
Ladies and
gentlemen of the jury.
Screech didn't do it.
And nobody has
proven that he did.
Look at this face!
Those eyes.
These clothes.
Ask yourself one key question.
Hasn't he suffered enough?
Thank you, I rest my case.
Ladies and
gentlemen of the jury.
You will now deliberate,
and decide upon your verdict.
What do you think?
The longer they're out,
the better the chances.
We have a verdict, Your Honor.
C'est la vie, old buddy!
Will
the defendant please rise?
Carrie: The bailiff
will read the verdict.
Whoa!
Would you mind
sharing that "whoa"
with the rest of us?
The jury finds
the defendant Samuel Powers,
not guilty on
lack of evidence!
Woo-hoo!
( applause )
( gabble banging )
Order! Order!
Miss Bliss, if Screech
didn't do it, who did?
The person who did it
is in this room.
And I want him to
stand up, right now.
( students surprised )
You pulled
the prank on yourself?
That's right.
No one was paying any
attention in my class.
And I figured
this was the only way
that I could get you
to study those chapters on our
judicial system.
I feel so...
Used.
( bell rings )
Case closed, jury dismissed.
See you on Monday.
Have a lovely weekend.
You know what this means?
This means nobody's
gotten Miss Bliss!
And they never will.
You're a real sport,
I'm glad you're not mad at me.
Are you kidding?
This has been
the best week of my life!
I was a celebrity.
Then I hope you'll
forgive my court for not
finding you guilty.
Screech: Stupid thing.
Carrie: There's something
that bothers me, though.
Since I painted the chair,
why did you take the fifth?
Here, let me.
Ah!
( alarm sounding )
( instrumental music plays )